♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 20)
I don't approve of it.
Yasi has just reached
the standard of being my son-in-law.
Obeying rules and behaving properly
are very important.
Master.
Miss, please get a hold of yourself.
Why did you suddenly do that?
(Episode 21: Sometimes, love is two people
looking at their own maps)
Are you Shen Mengjun's family?
Yes. I'm her husband.
I'll come straight to the point.
Shen Mengjun's condition
doesn't bode well.
Judging from the group consultation
and inspection reports,
we think she suffers from
bipolar disorder.
Manic depression.
Right. It's previously known
as manic depression.
This is a mental disorder
characterized by periods of depression
and abnormally elevated moods.
Is she
abnormally irritable sometimes
and very depressed
at other times?
Yes.
It's true
that she has mood swings.
She's sensitive
and fragile,
but
we didn't take it seriously.
Mr. Gu,
what are the possible treatment plans
for my mom?
Generally,
there are medication, psychotherapy
and environmental interventions.
But the treatment of manic depression
is time-consuming.
As her family,
you have to be mentally prepared.
Come in please.
Fanzhou.
Uncle Zhao.
Yichun?
Why are you here?
I have nothing to do in summer vacation,
so I got an internship here.
Professor,
psychotherapy has been provided
for the No. 19 patient.
Here is the clinical record.
Fanzhou, what's wrong?
Go have a look at mom.
Are you okay?
Is there anything
I can do to help you?
No.
You can leave me alone.
I have some questions
to discuss with the professor.
I'm leaving.
At present, Beijing Xieping Hospital
is the most authoritative as for treatment
of manic depression.
If conditions permit,
I suggest you take her to Beijing.
Fanzhou,
I have something to say to you.
The day after tomorrow, I'm afraid
I can't
go to Beijing with you.
Are you not going?
Here is the thing.
My client
who was driven away by your mom
called me again.
He said he'd sign the contract with me,
but he wants to sign it
the day after tomorrow.
You...
You understand me, right?
I've been following up the project
for over two years.
This is the critical moment.
Look...
I know.
I'll take my mom there.
Oh.
Take this.
Be thrifty at home
and spend liberally while travelling.
Take it.
It'll be of use in case of emergency.
You think money is the solution
to every problem.
Hello? Mr. Wang.
No problem.
You're welcome.
(Zhou Xiao)
Hello?
Why didn't you reply on WeChat?
How is it going with your family?
I was a little busy at hospital,
so I missed it.
At hospital?
What happened to your mom?
Nothing special.
She's just emotionally unstable.
That's a relief.
Don't worry.
Why are you staying up?
To call you.
You didn't call me, so I have to call you.
I've got everything handled here.
Go to sleep.
Sir,
I have something to report to you.
Approved.
I was notified tonight
that writing summer camp
will start in advance,
so I'll go to Beijing by high-speed rail
the day after tomorrow.
You're going to Beijing
the day after tomorrow?
Right.
What's wrong?
No. Nothing.
Take good care of yourself.
Call me when you miss me.
Then I'll never hang up.
I never knew you could be so cheesy.
I'll report to the police
if you keep doing that.
Please get a good lawyer for me.
The lawyer told me
you'd receive a life sentence.
Okay. Got it.
Okay.
I'll take some back to you later.
Okay. No problem.
I gotta go.
Alright. Good night.
Good night.
Mom, you're awake.
I've got you breakfast.
Eat something.
Why am I in hospital?
I remember yesterday your dad...
Hmm.
Yesterday,
I took you here with him.
Can I be discharged?
Mom,
the doctor said you're emotionally unstable.
We'd better go to Beijing for some checkup.
I'm fine.
I'm fine. I won't go there.
Where is your dad?
He's left.
What?
I'm going to Beijing for checkup,
but he has left.
He left me alone again.
Mom, he...
He's gone to Beijing
to book a hospital bed.
Really?
It proves
he still cares about me,
right?
Yes.
He still cares about me.
He cares about me.
Take good care of yourself in Beijing.
And give us a call
when you arrive.
Don't just call Zhao.
Got it.
Don't say that.
Who is it? Fanzhou?
Hello?
I'm setting out for Beijing.
Have you packed up?
Yep, I have.
How is it going with you?
Is your mom getting better?
We're at...
Let me talk to him.
I'm carrying my luggage.
I'll call you later.
Come on.
I want to talk to him.
I don't think it's necessary.
He's my son-in-law.
It's been a long time since I last saw him.
I want to know if all is well with him.
Stop. Son-in-law?
Did you ask me about it?
Yasi is my son-in-law.
Then you need to have another daughter
and marry her to Yasi.
Mom and dad, hurry up,
or I'll miss the train.
Hurry, or she'll miss the train.
Don't make trouble.
Fanzhou.
Was it your girlfriend
who doesn't eat carrot?
She hung up on you?
Fanzhou,
I've gone through it.
You have to listen to me.
Catch her if you like her,
or she may
slip away from you anytime.
So, listen to me. I'll tell you what to do.
You should make every attempt
to let her stay by your side.
As long as you make it,
nothing will go wrong with your relationship.
Mom.
Drink some water.
Fanzhou,
when we arrive in Beijing,
will your dad come pick us up?
He doesn't have a car in Beijing.
How can he do that?
Yeah. You're right.
It's inconvenient.
We can go to the hospital by taxi.
Hmm.
Passengers to Beijing, attention please.
Let's go.
Okay.
Right.
We can't miss the flight,
or your dad will be anxious.
Let's go.
Go.
Passengers who have not been
checked in for this flight
please go to Counter No.20
for check-in immediately. Thank you!
Shen Mengjun's family.
You forgot to take the medical report.
Okay.
Mom.
Take a seat. I'll get the medical report.
Sorry!
The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Mom.
Sorry.
Where is your dad?
The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Mom, let's finish the checkup first.
I'll tell you about it later.
Answer me. Where is your dad?
You told me he was waiting for us in Beijing.
He left again, right?
Calm down.
I'll explain to you after the checkup.
I see.
You were lying to me, right?
Your dad didn't come to Beijing at all.
Right?
Mom.
-Mom, calm down. -He didn't come.
You ganged up with him and lied to me.
Both of you lied to me.
You two liars.
Calm down.
I'm going home.
Mom.
Don't stop me.
I'm going home!
Get a doctor here.
Mom.
Sorry.
The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Let me clean it up. Are you injured?
I'm fine.
(China Mobile 10086)
(Welcome to Beiing.)
Do you want to register?
Which department?
Thank you.
Young man,
I have something to say to you.
It's basically confirmed
your mother is suffering from
hereditary manic depression.
I suggest you have a checkup
in our hospital.
Next.
Excuse me.
It's your turn.
Sorry.
Never mind.
I want to register.
For what?
Genetic testing.
(Identification Card
Registration Form)
Thank you.
Hi.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Why are you here?
Why have you got all this medicine?
I had a mild stomachache.
I'm fine.
You wouldn't have come here if it were true.
I said I'm fine. Trust me.
Why on earth are you in hospital?
My mom is hospitalized.
You said you were at hospital.
You meant a hospital in Beijing?
Hmm.
Why didn't you tell me
when I said I'd be here for a summer camp?
I was afraid you'd be worried.
I want to visit your mom.
She's having a rest.
Are you hiding something from me?
No.
(Beijing Xieping Hospital.
Name: Zhao Fanzhou)
Your mom is not hospitalized, right?
It's you that have an incurable disease,
right?
No.
Don't tell lies.
I'll stay with you
during the most difficult time in your life.
I won't leave you alone.
Anyway, I won't leave you alone.
Alright. Stop crying.
Follow me. I'll explain.
Stop crying.
Get your hand off.
I'll stay with you
no matter what disease you have.
Really.
Why do you think I have an incurable disease?
You just got one lunchbox.
It means you are in hospital alone.
Your mom is not.
I had lunch.
It's for my mom.
But it's your name on the registration slip.
I got it wrong.
What?
I've been too busy.
I mistook my ID card as my mom's.
Why didn't you tell me
you were in Beijing?
Because my mom is being treated
in the Department of Psychiatry.
Are you afraid?
Your mom suffers...
Manic depression.
You didn't tell me
because you didn't want me to be scared?
Hmm.
How about you?
Are you scared?
Hmm.
Don't be afraid.
I'm with you.
Don't look down upon me.
When I was a kid,
I dared to stir up a hornets' nest.
Then why are you crying?
I am not.
I'm not.
Our campsite is close to the hospital.
I'll come and visit your mom tomorrow.
The doctor said
she needs to have a rest-cure.
I promise
I won't make any noise.
I'm worried
you'll be scared if she has a sudden episode.
I'm a coward,
but I forget bad things easily.
It's a deal.
You're not allowed to say no.
You should've told me earlier.
Then I'd be able to see your mom
for a few more days.
But you didn't tell me
until the last day of my summer camp.
Anyway, I have to see your mom.
I'll change my flight.
The change fee is on you. Double.
No.
Triple.
Okay.
I must leave.
Go back.
Bye.
So,
Zhao Fanzhou didn't tell you
when he went to Beijing?
Right.
Because his mom was sick
and he didn't want me to worry about him.
He's considerate.
So you met him at the hospital?
Yes.
What a small world.
Is it an idol drama?
When will you go home?
I had planned to go back tomorrow,
but I changed my flight
to the day after tomorrow,
now that I want to see his mom.
But I'm very nervous
at the thought of going to see her.
What to do?
Don't be nervous. Let me tell you.
Kneel down and call her mom when you see her.
Then she won't say no to your relationship.
Maybe
you should buy some gift.
Don't change the subject.
What we're discussing about
is Zhao Fanzhou went to Beijing
without communicating with Zhou Xiao.
But
he did that for Zhou Xiao's sake.
You've never been in a relationship.
You know nothing.
Hey. Lu,
I don't allow you to deprive Luo Wei
of her right to speak
just because she's single.
We just did. So what?
Happy?
I gotta go.
What on earth has happened
between Zhou Xiao and Fanzhou?
Why are you so angry?
You guys don't understand.
Zhao Fanzhou
didn't want Zhou Xiao to get worried,
so, without saying anything,
he took his mom to Beijing for treatment.
Fanzhou?
Well done. He's manly.
Bullshit.
He considers himself always in the right
and wouldn't share his feelings.
I can't bear it.
So,
have you met such a guy?
No.
Really?
Judging from your look,
I think you have your own story.
I said no.
Your ex?
You don't know my ex?
Yes, I do.
But I don't think
Chen Yu should be considered as your ex.
I want to correct
your definition of an ex.
He's never been serious
about your relationship.
So, in the strict sense,
I am your first love.
What are you murmuring about?
I think
it's necessary to correct you.
About what?
That you don't have an ex.
I don't?
You don't.
Then do you wanna be my ex?
I got it wrong.
Let's go.
Are you crazy, Xie Yixing?
I'll kill you.
(Keep the door closed)
Look.
I heard this medicine works well.
Mom, we can't take medicine at will.
We need to listen to doctors.
Mom,
Zhou Xiao is here.
Hi, Mrs. Zhao.
Mom,
she's my girlfriend,
Zhou Xiao.
Hi, Mrs. Zhao.
Hi.
Come on.
Take a seat.
Is this your hamper?
It's left outside.
Sorry. It's mine.
Thank you.
Mrs. Zhao, this is for you.
Are you Shen Mengjun's family?
Yes, I am.
Dr. Zhang wants to see you in his office.
Okay.
It's okay. Go ahead.
I'll stay here with your mom.
Sit.
Okay.
You...
You really never eat carrot?
No, I don't.
But how did you know that?
Fanzhou told me.
Shen Mengjun, time to take medicine.
Zhang, look.
This is my son's girlfriend.
Hi.
But it's time for you to take medicine.
Alas.
It's so dirty.
It's full of dust.
Zhou Xiao, look. Am I right? It's dusty.
It must've been used for several days.
It was changed yesterday.
Take the medicine.
Look. Even your daughter-in-law
is here to look after you.
You should be cooperative
and take medicine in time.
It's bitter.
Fanzhou is not here. I don't have to take it.
Don't tell him.
Okay.
Throw it away.
I'll hide it for you.
Is it hidden?
Yeah.
Dr. Zhang,
is my mom's condition improving?
Yeah.
Her symptoms are typical.
At present,
medication
works well for her.
Don't worry.
Then why do you want to see me?
I told you to take genetic testing last time.
Did you do it?
I've been too busy to do that.
I didn't mean to be a busybody.
It's just that you're a man
of striking appearance...
I see.
Thank you.
As for genetic testing,
you have to take it seriously.
The chance of inheritance
from parent to offspring
is 15% to 20%.
You know well what it means.
Yes.
And genetic testing takes a long time.
It takes two or three months
to get the results.
You'd better schedule your time
appropriately.
Okay.
Thank you.
You don't break down apple peels.
When I was little, my dad told me
my wishes would come true
if I could peel an apple
without breaking down its peels.
You even believed that?
There is no harm in doing that.
Alright.
Mrs. Zhao, here you are.
The apple is for yourself?
You just said you didn't want to eat it,
so I give you the chance
to make a wish.
Do I have to make a wish on apple peels?
I feel like it's stupid.
Look.
You have nothing to lose
if it doesn't come true.
It's worth trying,
right?
Make a wish. Hurry.
Make a wish.
Okay.
I wish
Fanzhou's dad
wouldn't divorce me.
Divorce.
Shen Mengjun,
you're so bad-tempered.
I can't bear living with you anymore.
I want a divorce!
Divorce?
You think you're rich enough, right?
You wanna abandon me
now that you're rich, right?
What about our son if we get divorced?
I'll take care of him.
I'll divorce you
even if I have to leave with nothing!
Every minute I spend with you
is a torture!
Divorce.
Mrs. Zhao.
Are you okay, Mrs. Zhao?
Why are you staring at me?
Mom.
Calm down.
Why are you staring at me?
Zhou Xiao,
get a doctor here.
Why are you staring at me? Why?
Calm down, mom.
Why are you staring at me?
Mom, I'm here.
Mom.
Take a sip. It's a little hot.
It's hot today. I don't want hot drinks.
It'll help you get over the shock.
You need it more.
You're more scared.
I'm worried about you.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Never mind.
Is your mom asleep?
She took medicine.
She's asleep now.
Why are you here?
I was about to go see you off.
I'm here so that you can see me off.
How about going in and taking a seat?
Don't bother.
Your mom is asleep.
We'd better not bother her.
Is she emotionally stable today?
Yeah. She's quite good.
Don't worry.
Let's go.
I'll go to the airport with you.
Don't bother.
Stay and take care of your mom.
She'll be fine.
Let's go.
Okay.
The time is just right.
Why do you look upset?
No.
I need to send a message.
Hello? Dad.
I'm at the security checkpoint.
I'll be home at 6 p.m.
Let's say goodbye here.
What's up?
Evening rush hour will start soon.
It'll be hard for you to hail a taxi.
You rescheduled your flight anyway.
Why didn't you stay here for a few more days?
Huh?
Nothing.
You hate to part with me.
Right?
No.
Really?
Then I'm leaving.
I'm leaving.
I'll miss you
so so so so much.
Alright.
We're home.
We're finally home.
I need to lie down on the sofa for a while.
Let me lie down for a while.
-Are you that tired? -So tired!
You just went to Beijing
for a writing program.
Can that be more tired than I work
from nine to five correcting homework?
I'm exhausted.
I also went to see Zhao Fanzhou's mom.
His...
Sorry? Who?
No.
Xiao.
What's wrong?
What happened?
Actually, Zhao Fanzhou's mom is hospitalized,
so I went to see her.
You met his parent?
You did that without my consent?
What are you doing?
What happened to his mom?
Well.
She caught a cold and had a fever.
She's getting better.
That'd be great.
Did you get along with each other?
Did she like you?
Did you behave yourself
in the presence of her?
How can she not like my daughter?
Besides,
I haven't agreed to their relationship.
I agree.
Hey. Do I have the final say
in this household?
No.
Chen Lijuan!
Zhou Zhenguo!
The "common cold" of mental illness
is also a cold, right?
(Beijing Xieping Hospital Registration Form
Department of Genetics)
Next.
Zhao Fanzhou.
The new semester is about to start.
When will you come back?
My dad is here at the hospital.
He'll take care of my mom.
He asked me to go back for registration.
Now that your dad is there,
things could be easier for you.
Hmm.
But I'm wondering
if he can take care of my mom
by himself.
What did the doctor say?
He said
my mom's condition is stable
and we can give it a try.
What do you think?
I'm still a little worried.
It doesn't matter.
I'll support you no matter what you do.
I'm your fangirl.
Fangirl,
have you packed up for returning to school?
Um. How about you?
Have you packed up?
I'll go pick you up.
It'll be too late.
Don't do that.
I'll be fine.
No.
I want to do that.
No way.
Go pack up when you're done.
I don't want to.
Good girl.
Go pack up.
Oh.
Bye.
Dad.
She just fell asleep.
Did you talk to her?
Fanzhou,
I rushed here
as soon as I signed the contract.
In the past few days,
you must've been tired.
You're a good boy.
Since you were little,
you've never let me down.
I'm used to that.
Fanzhou,
do you think
that I'm not a good husband?
Oh.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Yes.
Then
does she know about your mom's illness?
Yes,
but she doesn't mind.
She's a good girl.
Cherish her.
Hmm.
But she doesn't know it's hereditary.
I took genetic testing.
What's the result?
I haven't got it.
But if anything is wrong,
I'll break up with her.
Why?
Because
she wouldn't abandon me
even if she knows I have the disease.
I'll stay with you
no matter what disease you have.
Really.
Isn't that great?
But I don't want to see her
become someone like you someday.
You want to run away but you don't dare to.
You want to run away but you can't.
Your love is running out.
Hate is all that's left.
I don't want her to be like that
because of me.
I can't do that to her.
I'll take the Mihoo facial masks
which are super moisturizing.
Stop taking that.
This.
Put this in.
This is a reward of your dad.
I don't need it.
It's available in school.
Hands off.
It's available in school,
but you need to pay for it.
Too much stuff, mom.
No enough room.
There is room here.
Have you packed up?
Dad.
Yes, we have.
Go get special local products with my mom.
I need them.
I'll take them to school.
Special local products?
Get some good ones.
She wants to take them to school.
For your friends, right?
Right.
Okay.
Yasi.
Zhou Xiao,
Yasi got you a watermelon. Come out.
Put it in the fridge.
Let him do it.
What are you doing?
Your fan is broken.
Your dad asked me to get it fixed.
Can you do that?
I major in computer science.
I'm not an electrician.
Then why did you take it apart?
It's broken anyway.
Look.
I took it apart.
Then I'll reassemble it.
If it works again,
it'll be considered as another wonder.
Enjoy it.
I'm going to cut this watermelon.
Do you want some?
No.
There is a pile of watermelons at my home.
I don't know
where my mom got them by wholesale.
A masterpiece.
A miracle.
Insane.
You know nothing.
Do you know how much you ate?
Don't you feel ashamed?
You said clearly
you didn't want any.
Well.
I just like changing my mind.
It's gross.
You've got a pockmark.
You too.
You're seriously sick.
There is one on the back of your head.
Let's see which are more powerful,
watermelon seeds or watermelon peels.
Dad. Mom.
Mr. Zhao. Mrs. Zhao.
Mrs. Zhao.
Now you see
why I want Fanzhou to be my son-in-law.
I may agree to that.
Mom,
I'm leaving.
Listen to dad.
Be cooperative with medical workers.
I'll come pick you up
when the registration is done.
Dad, Zhao Fanzhou really came
and picked me up.
I'm telling the truth.
He even rolled out the red carpet.
Don't worry.
That's it. Bye.
What's up?
Why did you lie to your dad?
He's prejudiced against Zhao Fanzhou.
I want to earn him some brownie points.
Where is Zhao Fanzhou?
In Beijing.
A new semester is about to start.
It's an important moment,
but he hasn't been back.
It seems the long distance
may kill your relationship.
Cracks have appeared, right?
Sorry to let you down.
I'll go meet him at the airport
after cleaning up.
Those who're in a relationship
keep picking each other up.
It's a waste of traffic resource.
Green your commute. Got it?
You should be forbidden
to pick each other up.
In this case, a lot of resource will be...
Hey.
I haven't finished.
What's the big deal
of being in a relationship?
You still have to be polite.
Zhao Fanzhou!
Watch out!
(Next Episode)
I just put a spell on you.
To stop you getting mad at me.
A fairy is spreading flowers!
I think we need to break up.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪